So you have to make two diagrams, which basically will be mermaid based or HTML based, however you want it. And then the diagrams are sort of a tentative user flow and a tentative architectural flow, or you can say system flow, or you can also expand to multiple diagrams if feasible, like, whatever feasible. I'm only taking example of two. The system is pretty simple, basically. what it is it is, say, a portal. Okay? Or... yes. A portal you can say, a web portal. And what we are aiming for is, say, we are in an exhibition. Okay? And then my person, like, who is attending my stall, right, or whatever you can say, is scan a QR code, then a... the portal opens, then it shows on to purchase or sell. Okay? Like these options. Then if the person clicks sell, then the form opens with, uh, their department checkbox list or drop down or any sort of thing. Basically, a department test with multiple selectable departments. These will be the departments the user wants to, uh, sell to. k? Then next will be like product type according to those departments. Okay? Then once that is selected. Then the form will open with all their standard details, you know, name, email, address, like, location, basically. Address and location is different. Okay. Location is the time of, like, exact point of location, which we can extract from their latitude, longitude, or time zone or IP address, whatever. so that we know that this was actually filled out in the exhibition. Okay? Then other details, whatever. This is a basic detail form. k. Two AI features are also planned here, which can be... okay. I'll discuss them later. Okay? Then after the filling the form, they can also upload their digital catalog. Okay? Which just can be PDF or images or whatever. And if, like, their images then they will all be, like, combined in a single PDF at the back end or something, okay, automatic. then it should also have an option to add to production. When the form is complete, that will be on the admin side of this. Okay. Not on the form filler person side, but on my admin side. That that will add to... add them to the list of vendors in my enterprise platform. Okay? That is it. for the selling part. Now for the purchase part. Similarly, the... basically, the product list will be there with multiple sets, or you can select the other option which you in which you can specify exact products. Okay? Then it will have categories like i IP, USB, USP, PP. and others, these are basically... okay. Then again, a detail form, again, basic detail form similar to the cell one. then these all things will be exportable to Excel. And, also, there will be, like, automatically sent to marketing team so that we can... like, it's basically sort of a lead, right, lead generation for the purchase. It says -- Yeah. Yeah. The. Because these want... they want to purchase from me. So, obviously, these are leads for me. So as a lead generation system, it will be sent to marketing automatically every day -- throughout the -- -- or whatever. And then That's all on and so forth. AI use cases here are basically we are thinking of AI integration in the same, which will be basically either, say, everything by voice in sort of multilingual. Okay? Completely voice input. and, like, obviously, instructed that the platform will say... tell this, and then the user will tell that, like a questionnaire without actually making them fill the form manually. Or they can also scan their visiting card or something so that we can extract major details from that, and the left on details will be then submitted manually. Right? So this is, like, an... a tentative platform or portal, you can say. And this is, like, not only for a QR code, it can be used later in our normal, uh, you know, say, inquiry flow. Okay. And And the purchase and sell, as you know, sell to me and purchase from me. That is the flow here. And the and the IP USP I mentioned, they are for pharma and not Internet protocol or something. k? So because this is, like, a a biotech labs tentative portal, which they want to launch in the upcoming exhibition so that they can test it out there and then launch fully later. k? So, yeah, we need to make certain diagrams tentatively so that we have better clarity on how we can develop this and extend flows or think more on this, whatever. So I think you have complete clarity, and you can just get too good hit. Later the same will be converted in a full stack web app with react frontend and java springboot backend.